add a remote room file option (#299)
ResultadosDigitais/matrix: README.md

		   }
		 ]

> Other option is to have a remote rooms config file. You can to configure a `ROOMS_SOURCE=REMOTE` and config `ROOMS_DATA` like the example:

Reviewer: Little typo here:

> Another option is to have a remote rooms config file. You can configure `ROOMS_SOURCE=REMOTE` and config `ROOMS_DATA` like the example:

Maybe also add a note that the file must be publicly accessible in this case.

> Other option is to have a remote rooms config file. You can to configure a `ROOMS_SOURCE=REMOTE` and config `ROOMS_DATA` like the example:

Author: ```suggestion
Another option is to have a remote rooms config file (this file needs to be accessible via http/s). You can configure a `ROOMS_SOURCE=REMOTE` and config `ROOMS_DATA` like the example:
```

Author: @Verhaeg what do you think?

Reviewer: Great! 
and awesome addition to the repository!
